# Agenda Forth Official Meeting

Location: Drebbelweg

Date: 01.03.2022.

Time: 16.45 - 17.45

Attendees: Bink Boëtius(Chairman), Alican Ekşi(Minute-taker), Calin Georgescu, Boris Goranov, Pál Patrik Varga, Kevin Hoxha, Nada Mouman (TA)

## Agenda items

### Opening by Chairperson

<b>Time:</b> 15.45

### Check-in/Reflection

- Each person talked about what they worked on in the past week:
    - Patrik: Frontend, question page.
    - Calin: backend 4 endpoints for the UserController.
    - Kevin: User repository/removing users from the repository.
    - Bink: Frontend answer page and the delete API.
    - Boris: Home page layout, invalid server/duplicate username check, waitingroom layout, joining users to the waitingroom.
  
- Each person talked about their reflection on the past week:
    - Bink: I realized that if i encounter something that is new for me I have to plan accordingly to allocate enough time for it. 
    - Patrik: I realized that I can improve on my ability of reviewing each other's code. 
    - Kevin: (Suggestion for Patrik) The way it helps me is I check out their branch and think about what I would do to improve on it, or what might be required in future and give feedback according to it. 
    - Calin: I realized that I have to get used to relying on others to do their job. I also would like to make sure I give my feedback on gitlab rather than Discord.  
    - Alican: I realized that I shouldn't be shy to ask questions on things that I don't really understand, to be able to make sure that I udnerstand what we are doing. Also realized that a better communication would go a long way in terms of things might come up, and we should be upfront about our problems within the team. 
    - Boris: Something that we should improve as a team is our communication. Something that I would like to learn more about is i would like to search about testing especially for JavaFX. 
  
### Announcements

### Approval of the agenda

### Approve minutes of prior meeting

### Feedback from HCI Report – [Improvements for the HCI Report]

* The report should be more cohesive.
* The desriptions for almost all pages were descriptive enough, they just shouldn't be a part of the sketch, rather the report. Result and Ranking Page's descriptions should be more descriptive. 
* Less mentioning of the HCI lecture, but rather should use academic references. 
* Explain how the ten issues are related to the the ten heuristics. 
* There should be more explanation for how did you solve the problems that were brought to you by the experts. 
* Everyone should read it at least once prior to the next meeting, and then we can discuss how to improve it. 

### Feedback on the Last Week's Process

* You can delete the quote repository and all of such when you guys feel like it, just make sure you delete them before the final submit. 
* When finishing a milestone we can delete it. 
* Make a plan for UI testing, explaning what you expect to happen when you click each button, and report whether what you expect happens. 
* Not enough comments and merge requests by Alican and Calin, Boris was associated with a lot of the issues, most of the issues were apporved by Patrik. 
* Everyone should have at least one merge request and approve similar amounts of merge request each week. 

### Good GitLab Practices – [Recommended practices]

* One issue per feature
* Max 2 people per issue
* Each issue should have a description
* Issues should have labels, weights and milestones
* We can use GitLab's issues board
* Each merge request should have approvals and comments
* Comments should be useful and complete
* Pipelines should always be green
* Use labels such as: "Backlog", "To do", "Doing", "Review"
* Never merge on main, use a branch called <em>dev</em> to merge features

### Milestones- [Distribution of this week's milestone]

* Decided on not to divide an issue to backend/frontend parts but rather each individual works on the complete issue. Also decided that milestone deadlines should be saturday rather than sunday. 
* Patrik: Issues realted to the question page. 
* Bink: Issues realted to answer page. 
* Boris Kevin: Backend for the solo game. 
* Calin Alican: Ranking page, result page layout and score keeping. 

### Activities on activity bank - [Adding the activties]

* Submit them by the end of this week
* There already exists a notion document that has more than 20 question ideas, we just need to add the answer, source and an image source for each question.
* 

### Summary of action points

_Give an overview of the division of tasks. What is expected from whom and when? Make an action list._

| Action items | Who is responsible | Deadline |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _Find activities for the activity bank_ | _Everyone_ | _04.03.2022_ |
| _Finishing Sprint 2_ | _Everyone_ | _05.03.2022_ |
| _Decide on the next chairman and minute-taker_ | _Everyone_ | _03.03.2022_ |
| _HCI Report revision_ | _Everyone_ | _04.03.2022_|

### Feedback round
* We as a team should be more communicative when we are not able to work on our part of the issues due to a personal reasoning. Things happen, but we should be responsive when such things happen.
### Any questions?

### Closing

_<b>Time:</b> 17:45_