# Notes of Sixth Official Meeting


Date:           15.03.2022\
Time:           14:45 - 15:35\
Location:       Drebbelweg\
Chair:          Georgescu Calin\
Note taker:     Kevin Hoxha\
Attendees:      Bink Boëtius, Alican Ekşi, Calin Georgescu, Boris Goranov, Kevin Hoxha, Varga Pál Patrik, Nada Mouman (TA)

## Agenda Items

* Check in : Discuss about what everyone did for the past 2 weeks [14:45 - 14:50]

* Buddycheck feedback [14:50 - 14:52]
    - Comment from Nada: "People who didn't complete it in a meaningful way  will get penalized."
* Feedback on the final HCI report [14:52 - 14:54]
    - The report will be graded soon
* Talks about design changes [14:54 - 15:00]
    - We should store the past results of all users in the solo game instead of just the current user's results
    - Connecting the ranking page leaderboard is causing some issues
* Feedback with flags [15:00 - 15:05]
    - Some tasks don't have a clear checklist (`yellow`)
    - Tasks aren't equally distributed between members (`yellow`)
    - Estimation features are being used (`green`)
    - The initial plan was improved and adapted through the weeks(`green`)
    - Continuous work and contribution from all members (`red`)
    - Continuous commits (<i>be careful with the language of commits messages</i>)(`green`)
    - Style and structure (`green`)
    - Testing (<i>Don't forget to test commons</i>) (`green`)
    - MRs and branches (`yellow`)
    - Timely merges into main (<i>twice per week would be better</i>) (`yellow`)
    - Code reviews (`red`)
    - Build server (`yellow`)
* Other feedback points [15:05 - 15:07]
  - Set up an internal deadline to complete all must haves (<i>Deadline was set to: <b>next meeting</b></i>)
  - More than one MR per week (split big issues)
* Requesting advice on code	[15:07 - 15:10]
  - SceneBuilder image paths don't get recognized in Java and vice-versa
  - Use a folder for the activities


* Planning for next week [15:10 - 15:15]

* Any other ideas : if someone has anything else to add / discuss with the group [15:15 - 15:20]

### Feedback & questions round [15:20 - 15:30]
- Work hard during the week, so we make sure the deadline is met.
- Help each other more actively, even if it's not your own issue.
- Do more MRs and show your work more often.
- Review more MRs so code gets added to main/dev branch more often.
- Majority of work is being done on weekends, which shouldn't always be the case.
- Focus on integrating and making use of already present functionality. <br>


### Summary of action points

_Give an overview of the division of tasks. What is expected from whom and when? Make an action list._

| Action items | Who is responsible | Deadline |
| --- | --- | --- |
| _Finish Sprint 6_ | _Everyone_ | _20.03.2022_ |
| _Decide on the next chairman and minute-taker_ | _Everyone_ | _20.03.2022_ |
| _Have a fully functioning solo game_ | _Everyone_ | _22.03.2022_|

### Closure: <i>15:35</i>